Win total win total
I really missed it.
Mr. Sheng misread
misread
And I want to buy my sewing box for 10 bucks
I see your eyes are quite bright
Wrong, Mr. Sheng
Don't listen to this kid's nonsense
I'm talking nonsense
You let the receptionist tie me up and put glass pieces in my mouth
Let me go out and learn to bark
Am I talking nonsense?
Mr. Sheng, I am just a receptionist
I don't know about antiques
That's why I bet with him
I really didn't let him do that.
Mr. Sheng, we are joking with him
Just kidding.
So this temperament uses you to
I deliberately made a bad face again in the afternoon
What did you do?
Do I really think I can't see that you are setting me up?
Wronged?
I didn't mean that.
I just want to give everyone a step down?
Holy grass, don't listen to his nonsense
He's a rapist.
Rapist Wu Limin told you
Said he was not an accomplice
Boy, you just said that the money is like taking one of these.
Then he has to take the money out of his pocket
I want to buy this one of yours.
Is it suitable? Yes.
Chief, this matter is very serious
Maybe he knows the value of this thing.
So he wants to be a white wolf with empty gloves.
Use your banner to hack the truth
Of course, yeah.
You may not pay attention to this seventy-seven million
After all these years
You don't know how much you warmed the jewelry.
I don't know how much more it is than in our store.
How much has your reputation in the antique world been hacked?